what is going on everybody straight here
and this is just a random video or
footage I have of me landing a plane on
top of the house which didn't seem
realistic so i thought i'd just use that
today because it was just laying around
somewhere but i really wanted to talk
about everything you guys have helped me
do recently a dat saintsfan made a video
and he told you guys that he told most
of the new subscribers to come check me
out and subscribe to me and a lot of you
didn't have to do it and you chose to
anyways and I appreciate it it's so
amazing like I've never been so happy
before it's awesome to like wake up and
see how many subs you have I believe as
i'm recording this i meant like halfway
through 1600 which i passed my goal by
obviously 600 subs or what he said and i
really appreciate it such an amazing
feeling i can't believe you guys like
actually you know got me there and i'm
so happy for all the people that
subscribe to my channel everything and
all the people that were subscribed
before and all the new subscribers are
subscribing now I appreciate you guys so
much and I want to give back to you guys
as much as I can so I mean right now is
if you're you know old subscriber your
new subscriber and you checked us on my
older videos the duping cars and stuff i
can't do that i don't have the modded
cars anymore they got all taken away
everything like that and like the 1.07
update but you know if you I I can like
help you guys out with a few other
things I mean if you haven't gotten to a
lobby where you've gotten a lot of money
i joined the lobby one day randomly and
there was a bounty and me being the
average GTA online player i killed the
guy and you happen to have a billion
dollars so and i don't really want the
money so i wouldn't mind if rockstar
took it away i know a lot of people
would but i feel like it takes away from
the game it doesn't give you the
opportunity to earn money and things
like that but if you guys want I can you
know go around and if you find a car on
the street or something or in my game
you want me to upgrade it I'll fully
upgrade it you can sell it keep it
whatever you feel like doing you know I
just want to help you guys out you guys
want to you can join my
games or send me messages invites or
something like that if you want to play
a game together i'll be more than happy
to i play call of duty obviously grant
of auto 5 i have ghosts play a little
bit diablo 3 here and there minecraft
you guys want to play anything just
message me send me a party invite i'll
be more than happy to send you guys an
invite from not busy or doing anything
so i appreciate getting past thousand so
much it really means a lot like I know
said that like probably like three or
four times now but it's amazing it's an
amazing feeling like you wouldn't think
about a youtuber like really
appreciating their subs and everything
but it does feel great if you like an
accomplishment you know you take the
time to make the videos and people will
take the time to subscribe and check
your videos out so it feels amazing and
I appreciate it so thank you guys thank
you a lot um I'm hoping you know at this
point it looks like I'm going to get
close to 2000 so if we pass 2000 that's
that's pretty that's going to be awesome
i love you guys so much you guys are so
amazing and also if you guys want to i
have recently opened up my crew on GTA
online it's called drop stars i believe
are ranked in that weird like under
2,000 our crew rank is under 2,000 the
world so we're like ranked up there
pretty high as a crew if you guys want
to join its open enrollment I'll put a
description here I'll put a description
in the link so don't forget to check out
the description in the link you guys can
go into rock star and you can apply for
the crew and you can join and it's free
and everything is all cool and
everything like that so if you guys want
to join and you want to be in the crew
or whatever just go ahead and send a or
send a request or you know I'll invite
you or something or just go to the page
and join but uh anyways thank you guys
so much i appreciate it I really love
like making videos I hope you guys enjoy
them I hope we hope we grow as a as like
a family like subscribers to youtube or
you know I really love you guys hope you
guys enjoyed this video and this little
update i'll be posting a new one later
i'll see you guys in the next one